Uh, uhh, listen
First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov'
Whassup y'all niggas all fed up cause I got a little cheddar
And my records moving out the sto'?
Young fucks spitting at me, young rappers getting at me
My nigga Big predicted the shit exactly
"Mo' Money, Mo' Problems" gotta move carefully
'Cause fagots hate when you getting money like athletes
Yung'uns ice-grilling me, oh, you not feeling me?
Fine, it cost you nothing, pay me no mind
Look, I'm on my grind cousin, ain't got time for fronting
Sensitive thugs, y'all all need hugs
Damn little mans I'm just trying do me
If the record's two mill' I'm just trying move three
Get a couple of chicks, get 'em to try to do E
Hopefully they'll menage before I reach my garage
I don't want much, fuck I drove every car
Some nice cooked food, some nice clean drawers
Bird-ass niggas I don't mean to ruffle y'all
I know you waiting in the wing but I'm doing my thing
Where's the love?
Ain't no love, in the heart of the city
I said where's the love?
Ain't no love, in the heart of town
Yeah
And then the Fugees gon' break up, now everyday I wake up
Somebody got something to say
What's all the fucking fussing for? Because I'm grubbing more
And I pack heat like I'm the oven door?
Niggas pray and pray on my downfall
But every time I hit the ground I bounce up like round ball
Now I don't want to have to kill sound ball
Don't want to have to cock back the four pound bar
Look scrapper I got nephews to look after
I'm not looking at you dudes, I'm looking past ya
I thought I told you characters I'm not a rapper
Can I live? I told you in ninety-six
That I came to take this shit and I did, handle my biz
I scramble like Randall with his
Cunningham but the only thing running is numbers fam
Jigga held you down six summers, damn, where's the love?
Ain't no love, in the heart of the city
Niggas, where's the love?
Ain't no love, in the heart of town
Holla at me!
Ain't no love (take 'em to church) in the heart of the city
Uh, uh, uh, my nigga where's the love?
Ain't no love, in the heart of town
Fuck
Then Richard Pryor go and burn up, and Ike and Tina Turner break up
Then I wake up to more bullshit
You knew me before records, you never disrespected me
Now that I'm successful you'll pull this shit
Nigga I'll step on your porch, step to your boss
Let's end the speculation, I'm talking to alla y'all
Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait
What you mad 'cause you push dimes and he sell weight?
Y'all don't know my expenses, I gotta buy a bigger place
Hehehe, and more baggies, why you all aggie?
Nigga respect the game, that should be it
What you eat don't make me shit, where's the love?
Where's the love?
Ain't no love, in the heart of the city
Ain't no love, in the heart of town
Ain't no love, in the heart of the city
Ain't no love, in the heart of town
Ain't no love, in the heart of the city
Ain't no love, in the heart of town
Ain't no love